What is automation framework?
	It is the standard rules, best practices , guidelines and folder structure 
	which should be followed while automating the application testing, so that
	conversion of manual test cases to automation script is done efficienlty.
	We should follow the Automation Framework to have consistancy.

what are the advantages of automation framework?
	1. generate results automatically for each scenario
	2. reduce scripting efforts
	3. manage application changes easily
	4. easy maintaince of automation scripts
	5. managing dependencies automatically

What are the types of Framework?
	1. Linear automation Framework
		creating automation script by record and playback 
	2. Method or function Driven automation framework
		developing script by calling the methods ,
		we use this method driven automation Framework when we have many repetitive test cases.
		Methods will avoid repetition of the steps and they will increase re-usability of the code.
	3. Data Driven automation Framework
		executing script by taking multiple input from the external source 
		we use data driven automation Framework where the data is crucial
	4. Module Driven automation Framework
		executing script that belongs to specific module in order to perform regional regression testing
		here we create package for each module of application and store script under the respective package
	5. Keyword Driven automation Framework
		process of executing keyword present in the keyword table.
		In keyword driven , we use excel sheet where each sheet represents a test case
		and each row in that sheet represents a test case step
		During run time , framework will read each row of the sheet 
		and convert into respective selenium script and execute
	6. Hybrid automation Framework
		Combination of any two or more of the above automation framework 
		is called as hybrid framework.
	
	

 Explain your Framework?

	1. The framework is developed using Maven , TestNG, POM(page object model) and Excel library. 
		It is a combination of Data-Driven and Method-Driver framework, 
		because of which we call it as Hybrid Framework.

	2. The execution is controlled by TestNG suite file which has list of TestNG classes 
		which are to be executed.
	   Testng xml is included in maven pom.xml using surefire plugin -
	   - so that testng xml can be triggerred from maven 

	3. Each TestNG class has test method and also extends from BaseTest or SuperTest class
		which has @BeforeSuite,  @BeforeMethod and @AfterMethod.

	4. First @BeforeSuite is executed, which saves the previous Test-output folder 
		to target folder Test-Report, before Test-output folder gets overrided after execution.
		so that we can compare the reports.

	5. Then @BeforeMethod is executed which opens the specific browser mentioned as a parameter in Testng xml
		and it maximize() the browser, sets the implicit timeout and navigates to the url of the application.
		It also sets the download path for the respective browser.
		WebDriver driver=new FirefoxDriver();//new ChromeDriver();
		driver.manage().window().maximize();
		driver.manage().timeouts().implicitlyWait(30, TimeUnit.SECONDS);
		driver.get(url);
		
	5. After executing Before Method,  it will start the execution of the respective test method. 
		Test method performs action as per the manual test case steps ---  
		by calling the approriate method present in Page Object Model classes.
		The test method takes the data from excel sheet whenever required.
		It calls the generic methods required to achieve scenario.
	
	6. After executing test method, it will execute @AfterMethod which closes all browser of webdriver instance.
		driver.quit(); 
		it takes screenshot in case of failure

	7. After executing all the scripts it will generate the result it html format 
		in test-ouput folder. The important file will be emailable-report.html,
		index.html, testng-failed.xml
